>> Steve Kinney: Lets talk about who's
using Electron to basically give ourselves
a sense of what are the kind of things
that you could build with Electron.
And it is mostly through
happy accident that a lot
of the applications that we're gonna use
to build our Electron applications today,
or that I'm gonna use to build
these Electron applications today,
are in fact Electron applications.
Kind of one of the more
famous ones is Slack.
So Slack is an Electron application
that has a web view kind of
in this shell that allows it to run.
You can Cmd+Tab over to it.
It's in the dock, has its own menu,
so on and so forth.
Visual Studio Code is one of
the more famous examples.
It's a full IDE for writing applications.
It's gonna be the IDE that I use
to build Electron applications.
So again, building Electron applications
in an Electron application.
It's crazy.
Hyperterm, or Hyper, is a terminal
emulator that I'll be using for
navigating around the command line,
also an Electron application, right?
So, these are not normally, when we think
about yeah, building web applications,
these feel a lot more like
full-fledged native applications.
They just happen to be built using HTML,
CSS,
and JavaScript, which is pretty awesome.
GitHub's official client is
also an Electron application.
Electron started from the kind of
underneath of the Atom text editor.
Get it?
Atom.
Electron.
It's cute.
And so obviously GitHub uses it for
other things, including this application,
which is a visual editor for
making get commits,
which is actually really great because
you can select different lines.
And, I don't want to do it on the command
line cuz I'm a front end engineer, and
I like pretty things.
So a lot of the applications that
I'm gonna using for building this,
again, are Electron applications,
which are super cool.